v3.3: parameter style amendments (#5080)
OAI/OpenAPI-Specification: src/oas.md

Each template expression in the path MUST correspond to a path parameter that is included in the [Path Item](#path-item-object) itself and/or in each of the Path Item's [Operations](#operation-object). An exception is if the path item is empty, for example due to ACL constraints, matching path parameters are not required.

The value for these path parameters MUST NOT contain any unescaped "generic syntax" characters described by [RFC3986](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986#section-3): forward slashes (`/`), question marks (`?`), or hashes (`#`).

> For example, the template `/foo/{bar}` cannot match the URI path "/foo/alpha/beta" because the value of the template variable "bar" would have to be "alpha/beta".

Reviewer: Per the sections on API URLs vs OAD URIs, hese are URLs, because they are API endpoints, so yes, the URI bit should also change to URL. (I also tweaked the new sentence to say "request URLs" instead of just URLs.  All API endpoints (and related locatable tings like OAuth server URLs) should use URL consistently.

```suggestion
This means that when matching templates to request URLs, no values that include a forward slash are matched.
For example, the template `/foo/{bar}` cannot match the URL path "/foo/alpha/beta" because the value of the template variable "bar" would have to be "alpha/beta".
```

See [URL Percent-Encoding](#url-percent-encoding) for additional guidance on escaping characters.

> The path templating is defined by the following [ABNF](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5234) syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The path templating is defined by the following [ABNF](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5234) syntax:
```

Author: I'll fix them all :p
